# Aspect-Based-Sentiment-Anaysis
CS5600 Intelligent Systems Final project performing absa and comparing performance between classifiers on sentiment analysis. 

Environment:
    OS: Ubuntu 16.04.5 LTS (GNU/Linux 4.15.0-1025-gcp x86_64)
    Python 2.7.15
    nltk 3.3.0 - install,run python -m nltk.download. I downloaded all files. This             library is only used in absa.py and aspect_extractor.py which are not run with        unit test file. 
    Spacy 2.0.16 - install, run python -m spacy.download Only used in absa.py and               aspect_extractor.py
    numpy 1.15.4
    sklearn 0.20.0
    tensorflow-gpu 1.12.0
    tensorflow 1.12.0
    tensorflow-base 1.12.0
    tflearn 0.3.2

The dataset can be found at https://www.kaggle.com/bittlingmayer/amazonreviews. Only the training dataset is needed. To load the dataset, unbzr the file. Then use the function in data_access called 'split_file' to seperate the data into equal datasets. The unit_test.py uses the files generated by this function to load the data. 

To run, make sure the same directory 'split_files' saved it's files to is passed into get_data. Then run the unit test file. I have set the parameters to the final parameters used for the final results seen in report.pdf

The CNN and RNN lines are commented out because
loading these models was causing tensorflow to seg fault and run into memory errors after switching from a test set of 100 reviews to 100,000. I was unable to determine the cause of these errors, and therefore unable to verify that these models work. Reducing the number of reviews did not help, as the entire CUDANN system was corrupted. 

There is a file called absa.py that was an attempt to identify aspects of a sentance. 
I was unable to find any data to train this module against, so I abandoned the idea. The module works by extracting the route noun and descriptive works, classifing the aspect as positive or negative, and returning the data. This idea was abandoned for the most part due to the complexity of seperating sentances from text. I decided to work with sentiment analysis because the data set I had was already labeled, so I wouldn't have to label it manually in the three weeks until the project was due. 